There once was a golden retriever named Ace. Ace was a majestic dog and had big dreams. He wanted to become the king of his native land Hawks Landing. His only problem was a troublesome hawk named Vince.
One day while Ace was playing outside, Vince starting cawing at Ace and his fellow dogs. Ace,wanting to become king, decided he needed to take charge. He barked and barked at Vince untilVince realized his caw's couldn't threaten Hawks Landing. Vince flapped away, unsatisfied with Ace being the "top dog".  
Vince, being the diabolical hawk he was, made a plan to take control of the landing. He gathered his fellow hawks and returned to the landing determined to take it back from Ace. Vince might of had some friends but Ace wasn't about to let them take the landing from him. Those   hawks didn't stand a chance.
	That night Vince and his hawk buddies built up hundred of snow balls. His plan was to drop them on the dogs as they were playing outside. Clearly, Vince wasn't a dog owner. As they built up their arsenal, they cackled at their ingenious plan to take over Hawks Landing. The morning came and the dog came out to play, but they were greeted by the fierce caws of the many hawks that Vince had recriuted. It was a long and loud battle, but eventually Vince had enough and brought out his secret weapon. 
	This weapon was the beast of all weapons, it was a high velocity snowball launcher. Vince saved 10 especially well made snowballs for this launcher. Ace saw Vince with this launcher and knew this was his last chance to save Hawks Landing. Vince dropped down to about 10 feet above Ace, he pulled out the launcher and aimed it right for Ace. Luckily the first couple shots missed, and allowing Ace to develop a  plan. There was a playset nearby that could allow Ace to jump up and destroy the launcher. Ace lured Vince to follow him close enough to the playset. Ace got a running start and leaped as high as he could. He smashed the launcher and knocked Vince down. All the other hawks caw'd as loud as they could. Vince shaken by the fall took a second to recover but knew he was beaten. Vince and the other hawks flew away and were never seen again in Hawks Landing. Ace saved the day and was crowned King of Hawk's Landing.
   
